Added authentication support for AQMP broker url (#8057)
RasaHQ/rasa: changelog/8057.improvement.md

> Added authentication support for connecting to external rabbitMQ server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added authentication support for connecting to external RabbitMQ servers.
```

> Currently user has to pass a username and password hardcoded url inorder to connect to external rabbitMQ.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently user has to hardcode a username and a password in a URL in order to connect to an external RabbitMQ server.
```
